ROCm docs style IA and style guide updates (#311)
AMD-AGI/GEAK: internal-docs/model-config.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `litellm` | `LitellmModel`—any `provider/model` string supported by [LiteLLM](https://docs.litellm.ai/) |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `amd_llm` | `AmdLlmModel`—AMD LLM gateway; `model_name` examples: `claude-opus-4.6`, `claude-sonnet-4.5`, `gpt-5`, `gpt-5-codex`, Gemini-style names starting with `gemini` |
```

## Model backend (`model_class`)

> YAML `model.model_class` selects the backend. If it is **missing or empty**, `get_model_class` in `src/minisweagent/models/__init__.py` still returns `LitellmModel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAML `model.model_class` selects the backend. If it is **missing or empty**, `get_model_class` in `src/minisweagent/models/__init__.py` returns `LitellmModel`.
```

> You can also set it explicitly to `litellm` — that is the registered shortcut for the same class in `_MODEL_CLASS_MAPPING`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set it explicitly to `litellm`, which is the registered alias for the `LitellmModel` class in `_MODEL_CLASS_MAPPING`.
```

> Keep secrets in `export ...` and use YAML only for non-secret configuration like `model_name`, `model_kwargs`, and `agent`. Still pass `--config` so the file merges without storing keys in git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep secrets in exported variables and YAML only for `model_name`, `model_kwargs`, `agent`, and so on. Always pass `--config` so the file merges without storing keys in git.
```

## Related topics

> - [Configuration files](configuration.md) — how GEAK loads and merges YAML configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration files](configuration.md)—how GEAK loads and merges YAML configuration files.
```

> - [API reference](../docs/reference/api-reference.md) — full model resolution order and all CLI flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API reference](../docs/reference/api-reference.md)—full model resolution order and all CLI flags.
```

> - [Install GEAK](../docs/install/install.md) — initial setup including model configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install GEAK](../docs/install/install.md)—initial setup including model configuration.
```
